Resolves #2025 (#2206)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2012-ps/printmanagement/Add-Printer.md

Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > The WhatIf switch doesn’t work if **ConnectionName** parameters set is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the WhatIf switch doesn’t work if the **ConnectionName** parameter set is used.
```
